espa sprint so was called the wasp
that appealed to the youth of the 60s and
70 for the youth of today or for whom
maybe those wasps drove them and from a
the new wasp is born of nostalgia
sprint the frame is strictly in
steel body like that of
spring and wheels are a little more
large by 12 inches
three 52-stroke and 4-stroke engines
and 125 four-stroke
is the latest addition to the timeless
Wasp family and its name says it all
the new vint sprint that piaggio
adds the spring version adds
a touch of sportiness to the last
generation of the most famous scooter at
world with many inspired details
to the sprint robes of the past like the
trapezoidal headlight with spoiler that
protects the new instrumentation and the
exclusive design vespa sprint saddle
has its roots in the past but
benefits from the work done on
vespa 946 on the search for shapes
on the refinement elegance but this one
once translated into a sports vehicle
dynamic suitable for urban mobility
and suitable for young people original like
always even more appealing thanks
to the bright colors of inspiration
back
the new wasp sprint has its point of
strength in large 12-inch wheels
that together with the renewed suspensions
to the more rigid frame they can make
even the insidious soft carpet
sanpietrini di roma the eternal city a
which the wasp owes much of his
worldwide popularity thanks to
famous love story between gregory peck
and audrey hepburn in Roman vacations
therefore sprint earns in
handling and stability
a particularly evident merit in the
new three-valve 125 engine
from the progressive dispensing and soft
which joins the 2 to 4 and 4 strokes
instead dedicated to the very young
particularly economical in consumption la
125 4-stroke version than with a datum
declared 64 km per liter
promises to take away both ai
neophytes of the two wheels that vespisti
of long course